[repo] introduce NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES to aggregate release notes for the next release (#1060)
interuss/monitoring: RELEASE.md

        - Note that valid examples of this form include `0.1.0`, `20.0.0`, `0.5.0-rc`, `0.5.0-1.2`
    - Official releases are `interuss/monitoring/v#.#.#`.
- The github workflow ([.github/workflows/image-publish.yml](.github/workflows/image-publish.yml)) is triggered for every new release tag. On the canonical interuss fork, it builds and publishes the monitoring image to the [official docker registry](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/interuss/monitoring).

> - Remove the pending release notes from [NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md](NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md) and add them to the release notes.

Reviewer: Since these two subactions can't be atomic together:

```suggestion
- Add the pending release notes from [NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md](NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md) to the release notes.
- After completing the release, open a PR to remove the pending release notes from [NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md](NEXT_RELEASE_NOTES.md)
```
